committees/add-members.md, before:

---
title: Add Members
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

A committee with
only a chair
is not very useful.
So the last step
in establishing a committee
is to add members.

In most cases
the committee chair
makes appointments
which are then ratified
by the board.[^bylawsappointment]
If you are
the committee chair
and want
to add new members
to your committee,
be sure to ask
the board chair or executive committee
to add the ratification
to the board agenda.

Anyone can be
a committee member.
They do not need
to be a board member.
In some cases
they do not even need
to be a stakeholder.[^bylawsappointment]
Committee membership is
a great way
for people
to get started
with neighborhood councils.

As committee chair,
you should strive to get
as many people
on your committee
as possible,
especially people
with different viewpoints.
This ensures
that the recommendations
that come out
of the committee
have the broadest possible support.

However,
you don't want
to appoint people
who will not participate
by showing up to meetings.
If you don't have
more than half
of your committee members
present,
you will not
have quorum[^bylawsquorum]
and will not
be able
to have
a discussion
or make
any decisions.

Also,
do not appoint
too many board members
to your committee.
Your bylaws will probably
prevent you from
having a majority
of a quorum
of the board
on any single committee.[^bylawsboardmember]
This is to prevent
the committee from deciding
how the board is
going to decide an issue before
it has been discussed
in a board meeting.

[^bylawsappointment]:
    See Article VII, Section 3, Paragraph B
    of your NC bylaws
    to find out the process
    for your NC.

[^bylawsquorum]:
    The quorum for committees is defined
    in Article VII, Section 3, Paragraph B.

[^bylawsboardmember]:
    See Article VII, Section 3, Paragraph B
    of your NC bylaws.

Commit message:

Editing pass on board and committee guides

committees/add-members.md, after:

---
title: Add Members
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

A committee with
only a chair
is not very useful.
So the last step
in establishing a committee
is to add members.

In most cases
the committee chair
makes appointments
which are then ratified
by the board.[^bylawsappointment]
If you are
the committee chair
and want
to add new members
to your committee,
be sure to ask
the board chair or executive committee
to add the ratification
to the board agenda.

Anyone can be
a committee member.
They do not need
to be a board member.
In some cases
they do not even need
to be a stakeholder.
Committee membership is
a great way
for people
to get started
with neighborhood councils.

As committee chair,
you should strive to get
as many people
on your committee
as possible,
especially people
with different viewpoints.
This ensures
that the recommendations
that come out
of the committee
have the broadest possible support.

However,
you don't want
to appoint people
who will not participate
by showing up to meetings.
If you don't have
more than half
of your committee members
present,
you will not
have quorum[^bylawsquorum]
and will not
be able
to have
a discussion
or make
any decisions.

Also,
do not appoint
too many board members
to your committee.
Your bylaws will probably
prevent you from
having a majority
of a quorum
of the board
on any single committee.[^bylawsboardmember]
This is to prevent
the committee from deciding
how the board is
going to decide an issue before
it has been discussed
in a board meeting.

[^bylawsappointment]:
    See Article VII, Section 3, Paragraph B
    of your NC bylaws
    to find out the process
    for your NC.
    If the bylaws are do not specify,
    Robert's Rules of Order
    describe ways the committee members
    may be appointed.
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 50:11-17

[^bylawsquorum]:
    The quorum for committees is defined
    in Article VII, Section 3, Paragraph B.
    If the bylaws are do not specify,
    then quorum
    for a committee
    is a majority
    of its members.[^ronrquorum]

[^ronrquorum]:
    "The quorum
    in a committee
    is a majority
    of its membership
    unless the assembly
    has proscribed
    a different quorum."
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 50:21

[^bylawsboardmember]:
    See Article VII, Section 3, Paragraph B
    of your NC bylaws.
