committees/appoint-chair.md, before:

---
title: Appoint a Chair
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

Every committee needs a chair.[^cochairs] The committee chair is responsible for
appointing members, scheduling meetings, drafting agendas, presiding over the
meetings, taking minutes, and reporting back to the board.

It is a lot of work. Fortunately, the chairperson can delegate any or all of it
to people they trust will complete it successfully.

The committee chair is appointed by majority vote of the board.[^majorityvote]

[^cochairs]:
    Some NCs like to appoint multiple chairs or co-chairs to a committee. The goal
    is to share the workload or to make sure that at least one chair is available
    when needed.

    This introduces the risk of not having a single authority. If the co-chairs
    disagree on what goes into the agenda, there is no way to resolve the
    disagreement.

    It is also unnecessary. A committee chair can delegate any of their duties to
    anyone else as they see fit to share the workload.

[^majorityvote]:
    This is described in Article VII, section 3, paragraph B of the NC Bylaws.
    For example, "All Committee Chairs shall be appointed by a majority vote of
    the board."

Commit message:

Second draft of Committee guide

committees/appoint-chair.md, after:

---
title: Appoint a Chair
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

Every committee needs a chair.[^cochairs] The committee chair is responsible for
appointing members, scheduling meetings, drafting agendas, presiding over the
meetings, taking minutes, and reporting back to the board. The chair is also a
member of the committee.

It is a lot of work. Fortunately, the chairperson can delegate any or all of it
to people they trust will complete it successfully.

The committee chair is appointed by majority vote of the board.[^majorityvote]

[^cochairs]:
    Some NCs like to appoint multiple chairs or co-chairs to a committee. The goal
    is to share the workload or to make sure that at least one chair is available
    when needed.

    This introduces the risk of not having a single authority. If the co-chairs
    disagree on what goes into the agenda, there is no way to resolve the
    disagreement.

    It is also unnecessary. A committee chair can delegate any of their duties to
    anyone else as they see fit to share the workload.

[^majorityvote]:
    This is described in Article VII, section 3, paragraph B of the NC Bylaws.
    For example, "All Committee Chairs shall be appointed by a majority vote of
    the board."
