index.md, before:

---
title: Guides
layout: home
---

<section class='usa-prose margin-bottom-4'>

  <h1>Guides</h1>

  <p>
  Being a part
  of a neighborhood council
  means doing
  the difficult, tedious, and time-consuming work
  of complying with
  Robert's Rules of Order,
  the NC bylaws,
  regulations from the Department of Neighborhood Empowerment,
  the City Charter,
  the Brown Act,
  the California Public Records Act,
  and more.
  </p>

  <p>
  These guides,
  along with the Neighborhood Council Management System (NCMS)
  are designed to
  make it easier,
  so you can spend
  more of your time
  making government
  more responsive
  to local needs.
  </p>

</section>

<ul class='usa-card-group'>

  <li class='tablet:grid-col-6 usa-card'>
    <div class='usa-card__container'>
      <header class='usa-card__header'>
        <h2 class='usa-card__heading'>The Board</h2>
      </header>
      <div class='usa-card__body'>
        <p>
        The governing board is probably
        the most well-known part
        of the neighborhood council system.
        In some senses,
        the board is
        the neighborhood council.
        </p>

        <p>
        This guide is designed
        to give you
        everything you need
        to lead your board
        to success.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class='usa-card__footer'>
        <a href='/board' class='usa-button'>View the Board Guide</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </li>

  <li class='tablet:grid-col-6 usa-card'>
    <div class='usa-card__container'>
      <header class='usa-card__header'>
        <h2 class='usa-card__heading'>Committees</h2>
      </header>
      <div class='usa-card__body'>
        <p>
        Committees are
        the most important part
        of the neighborhood council system.
        They are where
        the work
        of the neighborhood councils
        gets done.
        </p>

        <p>
        This guide is designed
        to give you
        everything you need
        to lead your committee
        to success.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class='usa-card__footer'>
        <a href='/committees' class='usa-button'>View the Committee Guide</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </li>

  <li class='tablet:grid-col-6 usa-card'>
    <div class='usa-card__container'>
      <header class='usa-card__header'>
        <h2 class='usa-card__heading'>Agendas</h2>
      </header>
      <div class='usa-card__body'>
        <p>
        An agenda
        lets everyone know
        what is going
        to be discussed
        in the meeting.
        The Brown Act requires
        that everything
        that is going
        to be discussed
        appear on the agenda.
        </p>

        <p>
        This guide is designed
        to give you
        everything you need
        to create agendas
        that are complete
        and compliant
        with all
        applicable rules and regulations.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class='usa-card__footer'>
        <a href='/agendas' class='usa-button'>View the Agenda Guide</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </li>

  <li class='tablet:grid-col-6 usa-card'>
    <div class='usa-card__container'>
      <header class='usa-card__header'>
        <h2 class='usa-card__heading'>Minutes</h2>
      </header>
      <div class='usa-card__body'>
        <p>
        Minutes are
        the official record
        of neighborhood council
        meetings.[^ronrrecord]
        They say
        what organization was assembled,
        when and where
        the meeting was held,
        what members
        were present,
        and what actions
        were taken
        by the assembly.
        </p>

        <p>
        This guide is designed
        to give you
        everything you need
        to create
        excellent minutes
        for your neighborhood council.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class='usa-card__footer'>
        <a href='/minutes' class='usa-button'>View the Minutes Guide</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </li>

</ul><!-- end card group -->

Commit message:

Third draft of minutes guide

index.md, after:

---
title: Guides
layout: home
---

<section class='usa-prose margin-bottom-4'>

  <h1>Guides</h1>

  <p>
  Being a part
  of a neighborhood council
  means doing
  the difficult, tedious, and time-consuming work
  of complying with
  Robert's Rules of Order,
  the NC bylaws,
  regulations from the Department of Neighborhood Empowerment,
  the City Charter,
  the Brown Act,
  the California Public Records Act,
  and more.
  </p>

  <p>
  These guides,
  along with the Neighborhood Council Management System (NCMS)
  are designed to
  make it easier,
  so you can spend
  more of your time
  making government
  more responsive
  to local needs.
  </p>

</section>

<ul class='usa-card-group'>

  <li class='tablet:grid-col-6 usa-card'>
    <div class='usa-card__container'>
      <header class='usa-card__header'>
        <h2 class='usa-card__heading'>The Board</h2>
      </header>
      <div class='usa-card__body'>
        <p>
        The governing board is probably
        the most well-known part
        of the neighborhood council system.
        In some senses,
        the board is
        the neighborhood council.
        </p>

        <p>
        This guide is designed
        to give you
        everything you need
        to lead your board
        to success.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class='usa-card__footer'>
        <a href='/board' class='usa-button'>View the Board Guide</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </li>

  <li class='tablet:grid-col-6 usa-card'>
    <div class='usa-card__container'>
      <header class='usa-card__header'>
        <h2 class='usa-card__heading'>Committees</h2>
      </header>
      <div class='usa-card__body'>
        <p>
        Committees are
        the most important part
        of the neighborhood council system.
        They are where
        the work
        of the neighborhood councils
        gets done.
        </p>

        <p>
        This guide is designed
        to give you
        everything you need
        to lead your committee
        to success.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class='usa-card__footer'>
        <a href='/committees' class='usa-button'>View the Committee Guide</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </li>

  <li class='tablet:grid-col-6 usa-card'>
    <div class='usa-card__container'>
      <header class='usa-card__header'>
        <h2 class='usa-card__heading'>Agendas</h2>
      </header>
      <div class='usa-card__body'>
        <p>
        An agenda
        lets everyone know
        what is going
        to be discussed
        in the meeting.
        The Brown Act requires
        that everything
        that is going
        to be discussed
        appear on the agenda.
        </p>

        <p>
        This guide is designed
        to give you
        everything you need
        to create agendas
        that are complete
        and compliant
        with all
        applicable rules and regulations.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class='usa-card__footer'>
        <a href='/agendas' class='usa-button'>View the Agenda Guide</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </li>

  <li class='tablet:grid-col-6 usa-card'>
    <div class='usa-card__container'>
      <header class='usa-card__header'>
        <h2 class='usa-card__heading'>Minutes</h2>
      </header>
      <div class='usa-card__body'>
        <p>
        Minutes are
        the official record
        of neighborhood council
        meetings.
        They say
        what assembly met,
        when and where
        the meeting was held,
        what members
        were present,
        and what actions
        were taken
        by the assembly.
        </p>

        <p>
        This guide is designed
        to give you
        everything you need
        to create
        excellent minutes
        for your neighborhood council,
        minutes that are complete
        and compliant
        with all
        applicable rules and regulations.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class='usa-card__footer'>
        <a href='/minutes' class='usa-button'>View the Minutes Guide</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </li>

</ul><!-- end card group -->
