agendas/ada-notice.md, before:

---
title: Americans with Disability Act
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

The Department of Neighborhood Empowerment requires
that all neighborhood council agendas
include language
informing the public
of their rights
under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).

To assure compliance
with their regulations,
the Department of Neighborhood Empowerment
will not publish
an agenda
that does not
include this information.

Example ADA notice:

> **The Americans with Disabilities Act**
>
> As a covered entity under Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act,
> the City of Los Angeles does not discriminate on the basis of disability
> and, upon request, will provide reasonable accommodation to ensure equal
> access to its programs, services and activities. Sign language interpreters,
> assistive listening devices and other auxiliary aids and/or services, may be
> provided upon request. To ensure availability of services, please make your
> request at least 3 business days (72 hours) prior to the meeting you wish to
> attend by contacting George Washington, Board President, at (323) 555-1212
> or president@example.org.

Commit message:

Add callouts to agenda guide

agendas/ada-notice.md, after:

---
title: Americans with Disability Act
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

The Department of Neighborhood Empowerment requires
that all neighborhood council agendas
include language
informing the public
of their rights
under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).

<aside class="callout" role="complementary" markdown="1">
In [NCMS,](/ncms)
add the ADA notice
as an [agenda postscript](/ncms/agenda-postscripts)
so that
it is included
in all
of the agendas.
</aside>

To assure compliance
with their regulations,
the Department of Neighborhood Empowerment
will not publish
an agenda
that does not
include this information.

Example ADA notice:

> **The Americans with Disabilities Act**
>
> As a covered entity under Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act,
> the City of Los Angeles does not discriminate on the basis of disability
> and, upon request, will provide reasonable accommodation to ensure equal
> access to its programs, services and activities. Sign language interpreters,
> assistive listening devices and other auxiliary aids and/or services, may be
> provided upon request. To ensure availability of services, please make your
> request at least 3 business days (72 hours) prior to the meeting you wish to
> attend by contacting George Washington, Board President, at (323) 555-1212
> or president@example.org.
