agendas/approval-of-minutes.md, before:

---
title: Approval of the Minutes
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

It is the policy
of the Board
of Neighborhood Commissioners
that minutes
of a board meeting
be on the agenda
for approval
during a subsequent regular board meeting.[^bonc201601]

In addition,
parliamentary procedure requires
that the minutes
of previous meetings
be approved
at the beginning
of the next
regular meeting.
In order for that
to happen
it needs
to be listed
on the meeting agenda.[^ronrapprove]

Example agenda item:

> 4. Approval of the Minutes of Previous Meeting(s)

[^bonc201601]: Board of Neighborhood Commissioners Policy [2016-01](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Amended-Minutes-Policy-Resolution1-03.18.19.pdf)

[^ronrapprove]:
    "[T]he minutes
    of each
    regular or special meeting
    are normally read
    and approved
    at the beginning
    of the next
    regular meeting
    immediately after
    the call to order
    and any opening ceremonies."
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 48:9

Commit message:

Add callouts to agenda guide

agendas/approval-of-minutes.md, after:

---
title: Approval of the Minutes
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

<aside class="callout" role="complementary" markdown="1">
With [NCMS,](/ncms)
approval of the minutes
can be one
of the [default agenda items](/ncms/default-agenda-items)
automatically added
every agenda.
</aside>

It is the policy
of the Board
of Neighborhood Commissioners
that minutes
of a board meeting
be on the agenda
for approval
during a subsequent regular board meeting.[^bonc201601]

In addition,
parliamentary procedure requires
that the minutes
of previous meetings
be approved
at the beginning
of the next
regular meeting.
In order for that
to happen
it needs
to be listed
on the meeting agenda.[^ronrapprove]

Example agenda item:

> 4. Approval of the Minutes of Previous Meeting(s)

[^bonc201601]: Board of Neighborhood Commissioners Policy [2016-01](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Amended-Minutes-Policy-Resolution1-03.18.19.pdf)

[^ronrapprove]:
    "[T]he minutes
    of each
    regular or special meeting
    are normally read
    and approved
    at the beginning
    of the next
    regular meeting
    immediately after
    the call to order
    and any opening ceremonies."
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 48:9
