agendas/introduction.md, before:

---
title: Introduction
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

The first thing you need
on your agenda
is a description
of who, what, when, and where.

An agenda needs
to have
the name
of the assembly
that is meeting.
For neighborhood councils,
that is going to be
a neighborhood council committee
or governing board.

The agenda should indicate
if the meeting
is a regular meeting
or special meeting.

The agenda also needs
to say
when and where
the meeting
is being held
so that people
are able
to attend.
On your agendas,
list the date
of the meeting
(with the year)
and the scheduled start time.

If your meeting
is being held
in person,
include the full address
in the agenda.
If your meeting
is being held online,
include
everything people need
to be able
to attend.

Example for an in-person committee regular meeting:

> Hill Valley Neighborhood Council Party Committee Regular Meeting  
> October 21, 2015 4:30 pm  
> Courthouse Mall Community Room  
> 100 Courthouse Square  
> Hill Valley, CA 90000  

Example for an online board special meeting:

> Hill Valley Neighborhood Council Board Special Meeting  
> October 21, 2015 4:30 pm  
> Teleconference meeting  
> Attend via Zoom at https://zoom.us/j/987654321012  
> Attend by phone by dialing 1-669-900-6833 and entering meeting id 987 6543 21012

Commit message:

Add callouts to agenda guide

agendas/introduction.md, after:

---
title: Introduction
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

The first thing you need
on your agenda
is a description
of who, what, when, and where.

<aside class="callout" role="complementary" markdown="1">
If you use NCMS
to [create
a meeting agenda,](/ncms/agenda-pdfs)
all of this information
is included automatically.
</aside>

An agenda needs
to have
the name
of the assembly
that is meeting.
For neighborhood councils,
that is going to be
a neighborhood council committee
or governing board.

The agenda should indicate
if the meeting
is a regular meeting
or special meeting.

The agenda also needs
to say
when and where
the meeting
is being held
so that people
are able
to attend.
On your agendas,
list the date
of the meeting
(with the year)
and the scheduled start time.

If your meeting
is being held
in person,
include the full address
in the agenda.
If your meeting
is being held online,
include
everything people need
to be able
to attend.

Example for an in-person committee regular meeting:

> Hill Valley Neighborhood Council Party Committee Regular Meeting  
> October 21, 2015 4:30 pm  
> Courthouse Mall Community Room  
> 100 Courthouse Square  
> Hill Valley, CA 90000  

Example for an online board special meeting:

> Hill Valley Neighborhood Council Board Special Meeting  
> October 21, 2015 4:30 pm  
> Teleconference meeting  
> Attend via Zoom at https://zoom.us/j/987654321012  
> Attend by phone by dialing 1-669-900-6833 and entering meeting id 987 6543 21012
