---
title: Minutes
---

Minutes are the official record of neighborhood council body (boards and
committees) meetings. They say what body met, when and where the meeting was
held, what members of the body were present, and what actions were taken by the
body.

This guide is designed to give you everything you need to create excellent
minutes for your neighborhood council.

## Why take minutes

### Regulatory requirements

The Board of Neighborhood Commissioners requires that NC boards keep written
minutes of all board meetings.[^bonc201601]

The NC Bylaws may also require that minutes are taken at committee meetings.[^bylawscommitteeminutes]

Parlimentary procedure also requires minute taking.[^ronr36]

[^bonc201601]:
      "Neighborhood Councils shall keep _written_ minutes of all regular and
      special board meetings."
      Los Angeles, CA,
      Board of Neighborhood Commissioners,
      [Policy No. 2016-01 (1),](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Amended-Minutes-Policy-Resolution1-03.18.19.pdf)

[^bylawscommitteeminutes]:
    This is likely to be in article VII, section 3,
    in the paragraph on Committee Meetings.


[^ronr36]:
    "The minimum essential officers for the conduct of business in a
    deliberative assembly are a presiding officer ... and a secretary, or clerk,
    who makes a written record of what is done---usually called 'the minutes.'"
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 3:6

### Recordkeeping

Perhaps more important than the regulatory requirements are the benefits of
taking minutes. Minutes are the record of NC meetings.

Written minutes allow NC members, stakeholders, and the general public to be
aware of NC board and committee activity. This transparency is vitally important
for an NC because it is a government body that should be answerable to its
stakeholders.

Written minutes also demonstrate agreement by the members of what the board or
committee has done. Written and approved minutes eliminate potential ambiguity
and uncertainty about the NC's actions.

## What goes in minutes

Parliamentary procedure[^ronr48] and regulations from the Board of Neighborhood
Commissioners[^boncreqs] set requirements for what must be included in the
minutes of a neighborhood council meeting.

Beyond those items, it is important to keep the minutes as short and simple as possible.

Traditionally, the minutes of the previous meeting are read at the beginning of
the meeting. Long, overly-detailed minutes will take up unnecesary time in a
meeting and are a bore to listen to.

Even if the minutes are distributed in advance and not read in the meeting, the
shorter the minutes are, the easier it is for members to read them, examine
them, and ensure their correctness.

Shorter minutes are not only easier to correct but will also have fewer mistakes
on average. The less the secretary needs to record the fewer opportunities for
mistakes they have and the easier it is to avoid them.

Shorter minutes also makes it easier for the person taking minutes to
participate in meeting. This is especially important for neighborhood councils
where the minute taker is usually an important member of a small board or
committee.

Finally, shorter minutes are easier to use as reference when researching or
verifying things done in previous meetings.

[^requirements]:
    Robert's Rules of Order, primarily ยง48 par 1-8.

[^requirements]:
    [Policy Number 2016-01 (1).](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Amended-Minutes-Policy-Resolution1-03.18.19.pdf)

- Name of assembly [RR]
- Regular or special [RR]

- When and where [RR]

- Draft or Date approved

- Start time (call to order) [BONC] [RR]
  - Presiding officer [RR]

- Members present
  - roll call
  - departures [BONC]
  - arrival [BONC]
(verify quorum, record absenses [50%])

- All main motions taken up [RR] aka Actions taken [BONC]
  - Wording as adopted or otherwise disposed [RR]
  - Disposition (passed, failed, postponed, refered to committee)
  - Mover [RR]
  - Not the seconder unless ordered by the assembly [RR]
  - Board votes by name [BONC]
  - Vote count [BONC]

- Other actions
  - As necessary to understand

- End time [BONC]

- How abstensions are counted [BONC]
