minutes/main-motions.md, before:

---
title: Main Motions
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

Meeting minutes should
describe all
the actions considered
by the assembly
at the meeting.[^ronrallmain]
This means
all the main motions
that were
taken up.

The description
of the main motion
should include
the final wording
of the motion[^ronrfinalwording]
as well
as how it was
disposed of.
Usually a motion
is voted on
and either passes or fails.
But it can also
be postponed
or referred
to committee.

If the motion
was voted on,
the minutes
should include
the vote count,
the vote
of each board member
(yes, no, abstain, recused, ineligible, or absent),
and the outcome
of the vote
(passed or failed).[^boncactions]

The minutes should also
include the person
who made the motion,
but not the person
who seconded it.[^ronrmover]

[^ronrallmain]:
    "The body
    of the minutes ... 
    should show: 
    6) all main motions
    or motions
    to bring
    a main question again
    before the assembly."
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 48:4

[^ronrfinalwording]:
    "the wording
    in which
    each motion
    was adopted
    or otherwise
    disposed of"
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 48:4(6)(b)

[^boncactions]:
    "Minutes shall contain: ... 3.
    The actions taken
    on any agenda items,
    the board count vote
    of each board member
    by name,
    noting how they voted"
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Board of Neighborhood Commissioners,
    [Policy No. 2016-01 (1)](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Amended-Minutes-Policy-Resolution1-03.18.19.pdf)

Example:

    [10:34 am] Eleanor Shellstrop made a motion related to agenda item 4.

    The motion voted on was: "Approve funding up to $12,500 for NCMS."

    Ayes (5): Eleanor Shellstrop, Chidi Anagonye, Tahani Al-Jamil, Michael Realman, and Janet Della-Denunzio
    Noes (0): none

    The motion passed.

[^ronrmover]:
    "The name
    of the maker
    of a main motion
    should be entered
    into the minutes,
    but the name
    of the seconder
    should not be entered
    unless ordered
    by the assembly."
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 48:5(1)

Commit message:

Edit Agenda and minutes guide

minutes/main-motions.md, after:

---
title: Main Motions
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

Meeting minutes should
describe all
the actions considered
by the assembly
at the meeting.[^ronrallmain]
This means
all the main motions
that were
taken up
by the assembly
should be recorded
in the minutes.

The description
of the main motion
should include
the final wording
of the motion[^ronrfinalwording]
as well
as how it was
disposed of.
Usually a motion
is voted on
and either passes or fails.
But it can also
be disposed of
by being postponed
or referred
to committee.

If the motion
was voted on,
the minutes
should include
the vote count,
the vote
of each board member
(yes, no, abstain, recused, ineligible, or absent),
and the outcome
of the vote
(passed or failed).[^boncactions]

The minutes should also
include the person
who made the motion,
but not the person
who seconded it.[^ronrmover]

[^ronrallmain]:
    "The body
    of the minutes ... 
    should show: 
    6) all main motions
    or motions
    to bring
    a main question again
    before the assembly."
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 48:4

[^ronrfinalwording]:
    "the wording
    in which
    each motion
    was adopted
    or otherwise
    disposed of"
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 48:4(6)(b)

[^boncactions]:
    "Minutes shall contain: ... 3.
    The actions taken
    on any agenda items,
    the board count vote
    of each board member
    by name,
    noting how they voted"
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Board of Neighborhood Commissioners,
    [Policy No. 2016-01 (1)](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Amended-Minutes-Policy-Resolution1-03.18.19.pdf)

Example:

    [10:34 am] Eleanor Shellstrop made a motion related to agenda item 4.

    The motion voted on was: "Approve funding up to $12,500 for NCMS."

    Ayes (5): Eleanor Shellstrop, Chidi Anagonye, Tahani Al-Jamil, Michael Realman, and Janet Della-Denunzio
    Noes (0): none

    The motion passed.

[^ronrmover]:
    "The name
    of the maker
    of a main motion
    should be entered
    into the minutes,
    but the name
    of the seconder
    should not be entered
    unless ordered
    by the assembly."
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 48:5(1)
