board/board-action-certification.md, before:

---
title: Board Action Certification
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

The board
of the neighborhood council
exercises all
the governmental authority
of the neighborhood council.
That includes the authority
to spend neighborhood council funds.
For the City Clerk
to direct those funds
according to the board's actions,
they need documentation indicating what
the board's action was.
This is provided
by the Board Action Certification form (BAC).

A BAC can be requested
by any city department
as testament
to a neighborhood council board action,
but it is
most often required
by the City Clerk's office
for actions
regarding neighborhood council finances.

The City Clerk requires a BAC
in order to:

- approve monthly expenditure reports,[^mer]
- send check payments to vendors,[^checkpayment]
- fund neighborhood purpose grants,[^npg]
- fund community improvement projects,[^cip]
- get access to the Neighborhood Council Funding System[^fundingaccess],
- update the budget[^budget],
- approve leases,[^lease]
- approve contracts,[^contract],
- sponsor or co-sponsor an event,[^events]
- increase bank card limits,[^cardlimit]
- submit a Missing Receipt Affidavit[^missingreciept], or
- ratify emergency spending[^emergency].

## Completing a BAC

The City Clerk provides
a blank BAC form
on their [website.](https://clerk.lacity.org/neighborhood-council-funding/documents-and-forms)

To complete the BAC form,
you must fill in
the following information:

### Neighborhood Council

The BAC documents
an official action taken
by the neighborhood council
so it must specify
what neighborhood council
took the action.

### Date

The BAC documents
an official action taken
by the neighborhood council.
Part of that is
specifying when
the neighborhood council
took the action.

This should be
the date
of the meeting
when the board action
was taken.

### Board Motion

The BAC documents
an official action taken
by the neighborhood council
so it must specify what
the action is.

The text
of this section
should be
the exact text
of the motion
that the board passed
at its meeting.[^publicbenefitstatement]

[^publicbenefitstatement]:
    If the board action
    was to approve
    a Community Impact Program (CIP)
    or a Neighborhood Purpose Grant (NPG)
    then instead of the board motion,
    the BAC could include
    the Public Benefit Statement
    from the CIP or NPG.

### Fiscal Year

The fiscal year
of the City
of Los Angeles
starts on July 1
and ends on June 30.

The BAC should indicate
what fiscal year
the action
pertains to.

City policy
requires that
all neighborhood council actions
pertain only to
the current fiscal year.
So the fiscal year listed
on the BAC
should be the same
as the fiscal year
for the date
of the action.

### Votes

The BAC must have
a list
of all the board members
with their position
and their vote.

If a board member
is absent,
ineligible
to vote on this action,
recused
from voting on this action,
or abstains
from voting,
that must be indicated
on the BAC.

### Quorum

The BAC should say
how many board members
are needed
to make a quorum
of the board.
This shows
that the action
was taken
in accordance
with the rules
regarding quorum.

Quorum
for the board
is defined
in the NC Bylaws
in article V, section 2,
and is usually
more than half
of the board seats.

### Totals

The BAC should specify
the total number
of board members
voting yes,
voting no,
abstaining,
absent,
ineligible,
or recused.

## Signing a BAC

Before a BAC
will be accepted
and acted on
by the City Clerk,
it must be signed
and dated
by two people
authorized to sign
for the neighborhood council.

For financial matters,
the only authorized signers
are the treasurer
and the second signers
elected by the board.

When you sign a BAC
you are declaring
that the information
on the BAC
is accurate and complete.
You are also declaring
that the action taken
followed the rules
regarding public meetings,
the Brown Act,
and quorum.


[^mer]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.0 -
    Expenditures
    14(c)(ii).

    See also
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [NC Funding System Guide,](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/Neighborhood%20Council%20Funding%20System.pdf)
    p 5

[^checkpayment]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.0 -
    Expenditures
    4(b)(i)

    See also
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.1 -
    Office/Operational Expenditures
    1(a)(i),
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.2 -
    Outreach Expenditures
    3(a)(i)(2) and (ii)(2), and
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.3 -
    Election Expenditures
    2(a)(i).

[^fundingaccess]:
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [NC Funding System Guide,](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/Neighborhood%20Council%20Funding%20System.pdf)
    p 2

[^budget]:
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [NC Funding System Guide,](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/Neighborhood%20Council%20Funding%20System.pdf)
    p 7

[^lease]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 4.0 -
    Contracts and Leases
    2(d)(i).

[^contract]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 4.0 -
    Contracts and Leases
    1(c)(i).

[^npg]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.4 -
    Expenditures for Neighborhood Purposes Grants
    1(g).
    See also 7(a)(i).

[^cip]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.4 -
    Expenditures of Community Improvement Projects
    5(a)(i)

[^events]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.2 -
    Outreach Expenditures
    2(d)(ii).

[^cardlimit]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.0 -
    Expenditures
    6(a)(i).

[^missingreciept]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.0 -
    Expenditures
    7(c).

[^emergency]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 5.0 -
    Expenditures of NC Funds in a Declared Emergencies
    7(a).

Commit message:

Create callouts for the Board guide

board/board-action-certification.md, after:

---
title: Board Action Certification
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

The board
of the neighborhood council
exercises all
the governmental authority
of the neighborhood council.
That includes the authority
to spend neighborhood council funds.
For the City Clerk
to direct those funds
according to the board's actions,
they need documentation indicating what
the board's action was.
This is provided
by the Board Action Certification form (BAC).

A BAC can be requested
by any city department
as testament
to a neighborhood council board action,
but it is
most often required
by the City Clerk's office
for actions
regarding neighborhood council finances.

The City Clerk requires a BAC
in order to:

- approve monthly expenditure reports,[^mer]
- send check payments to vendors,[^checkpayment]
- fund neighborhood purpose grants,[^npg]
- fund community improvement projects,[^cip]
- get access to the Neighborhood Council Funding System[^fundingaccess],
- update the budget[^budget],
- approve leases,[^lease]
- approve contracts,[^contract],
- sponsor or co-sponsor an event,[^events]
- increase bank card limits,[^cardlimit]
- submit a Missing Receipt Affidavit[^missingreciept], or
- ratify emergency spending[^emergency].

## Completing a BAC

<aside class="callout" role="complementary" markdown="1">
With NCMS,
Board Action Certification Forms
are [filled out automatically.](/ncms/bac-forms)
</aside>

The City Clerk provides
a blank BAC form
on their [website.](https://clerk.lacity.org/neighborhood-council-funding/documents-and-forms)

To complete the BAC form,
you must fill in
the following information:

### Neighborhood Council

The BAC documents
an official action taken
by the neighborhood council
so it must specify
what neighborhood council
took the action.

### Date

The BAC documents
an official action taken
by the neighborhood council.
Part of that is
specifying when
the neighborhood council
took the action.

This should be
the date
of the meeting
when the board action
was taken.

### Board Motion

The BAC documents
an official action taken
by the neighborhood council
so it must specify what
the action is.

The text
of this section
should be
the exact text
of the motion
that the board passed
at its meeting.[^publicbenefitstatement]

[^publicbenefitstatement]:
    If the board action
    was to approve
    a Community Impact Program (CIP)
    or a Neighborhood Purpose Grant (NPG)
    then instead of the board motion,
    the BAC could include
    the Public Benefit Statement
    from the CIP or NPG.

### Fiscal Year

The fiscal year
of the City
of Los Angeles
starts on July 1
and ends on June 30.

The BAC should indicate
what fiscal year
the action
pertains to.

City policy
requires that
all neighborhood council actions
pertain only to
the current fiscal year.
So the fiscal year listed
on the BAC
should be the same
as the fiscal year
for the date
of the action.

### Votes

The BAC must have
a list
of all the board members
with their position
and their vote.

If a board member
is absent,
ineligible
to vote on this action,
recused
from voting on this action,
or abstains
from voting,
that must be indicated
on the BAC.

### Quorum

The BAC should say
how many board members
are needed
to make a quorum
of the board.
This shows
that the action
was taken
in accordance
with the rules
regarding quorum.

Quorum
for the board
is defined
in the NC Bylaws
in article V, section 2,
and is usually
more than half
of the board seats.

### Totals

The BAC should specify
the total number
of board members
voting yes,
voting no,
abstaining,
absent,
ineligible,
or recused.

## Signing a BAC

Before a BAC
will be accepted
and acted on
by the City Clerk,
it must be signed
and dated
by two people
authorized to sign
for the neighborhood council.

For financial matters,
the only authorized signers
are the treasurer
and the second signers
elected by the board.

When you sign a BAC
you are declaring
that the information
on the BAC
is accurate and complete.
You are also declaring
that the action taken
followed the rules
regarding public meetings,
the Brown Act,
and quorum.


[^mer]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.0 -
    Expenditures
    14(c)(ii).

    See also
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [NC Funding System Guide,](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/Neighborhood%20Council%20Funding%20System.pdf)
    p 5

[^checkpayment]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.0 -
    Expenditures
    4(b)(i)

    See also
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.1 -
    Office/Operational Expenditures
    1(a)(i),
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.2 -
    Outreach Expenditures
    3(a)(i)(2) and (ii)(2), and
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.3 -
    Election Expenditures
    2(a)(i).

[^fundingaccess]:
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [NC Funding System Guide,](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/Neighborhood%20Council%20Funding%20System.pdf)
    p 2

[^budget]:
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [NC Funding System Guide,](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/Neighborhood%20Council%20Funding%20System.pdf)
    p 7

[^lease]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 4.0 -
    Contracts and Leases
    2(d)(i).

[^contract]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 4.0 -
    Contracts and Leases
    1(c)(i).

[^npg]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.4 -
    Expenditures for Neighborhood Purposes Grants
    1(g).
    See also 7(a)(i).

[^cip]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.4 -
    Expenditures of Community Improvement Projects
    5(a)(i)

[^events]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.2 -
    Outreach Expenditures
    2(d)(ii).

[^cardlimit]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.0 -
    Expenditures
    6(a)(i).

[^missingreciept]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 2.0 -
    Expenditures
    7(c).

[^emergency]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Office of the City Clerk,
    Administrative Services Division,
    Neighborhood Council Funding Program,
    [Policy](https://clerk.lacity.org/sites/g/files/wph606/f/NCFP%20Policies%2007.19.18%20Final.pdf) 5.0 -
    Expenditures of NC Funds in a Declared Emergencies
    7(a).
