board/early-notification-system.md, before:

---
title: Post to the Early Notification System
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

The Early Notification System (ENS) exists
so the city
can distribute information
about the City Council
as well as
other commissions, committees, departments, and boards,
including neighborhood council boards.
Interested members
of the public
can sign up
and receive
agendas for city meetings
by email.

ENS is a valuable tool
for the public
to stay aware
of what is happening
in city government.
It was proscribed
in the same part
of the City Charter
that created Neighborhood Councils.[^laccsec907]
It was further defined
in the Plan for Neighborhood Councils.[^planart8]

Finally,
BONC policy requires
all neighborhood council committees
submit a copy
of all agendas
to to be posted
through ENS.[^bonc2014011]

To submit
your board agenda
to be posted
to ENS,
email it
as a PDF file
to [ncsupport@lacity.org](mailto:ncsupport@lacity.org?subject=Agenda for [[[NC BOARD OR COMMITTEE]]] meeting on [[[DATE]]])
with the date and title
of the meeting
as the email subject.

[^bonc2014011]:
    "Neighborhood Councils
    shall submit
    a copy of all
    regular and special Board and Committee agendas
    to the Department of Neighborhood Empowerment (Department)
    to be posted
    through the Early Notification System (ENS).
    The agenda
    for regular meetings
    shall be submitted
    to the Department
    no less than
    72 hours in advance
    and the agenda
    for special meetings
    shall be submitted
    to the Department
    not less than
    24 hours in advance
    of the meeting." [BONC Policy No
    2014-01.1](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/NC-AGENDA-POSTING-REQUIREMENTS_2014-01.1_revised-08-18-14.pdf)

[^laccsec907]:
    Los Angeles, CA, City Charter §907

[^planart8]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Dept. of Neighborhood Empowerment,
    Plan for a Citywide System of Neighborhood Councils
    Art. 8

Commit message:

Create callouts for the Board guide

board/early-notification-system.md, after:

---
title: Post to the Early Notification System
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

The Early Notification System (ENS) exists
so the city
can distribute information
about the City Council
as well as
other commissions, committees, departments, and boards,
including neighborhood council boards.
Interested members
of the public
can sign up
and receive
agendas for city meetings
by email.

<aside class="callout" role="complementary" markdown="1">
NCMS makes
it is easy
to [create PDF agendas](/ncms/agenda-pdfs)
to send to ENS.
</aside>

ENS is a valuable tool
for the public
to stay aware
of what is happening
in city government.
It was proscribed
in the same part
of the City Charter
that created Neighborhood Councils.[^laccsec907]
It was further defined
in the Plan for Neighborhood Councils.[^planart8]

Finally,
BONC policy requires
all neighborhood council committees
submit a copy
of all agendas
to to be posted
through ENS.[^bonc2014011]

To submit
your board agenda
to be posted
to ENS,
email it
as a PDF file
to [ncsupport@lacity.org](mailto:ncsupport@lacity.org?subject=Agenda for [[[NC BOARD OR COMMITTEE]]] meeting on [[[DATE]]])
with the date and title
of the meeting
as the email subject.

[^bonc2014011]:
    "Neighborhood Councils
    shall submit
    a copy of all
    regular and special Board and Committee agendas
    to the Department of Neighborhood Empowerment (Department)
    to be posted
    through the Early Notification System (ENS).
    The agenda
    for regular meetings
    shall be submitted
    to the Department
    no less than
    72 hours in advance
    and the agenda
    for special meetings
    shall be submitted
    to the Department
    not less than
    24 hours in advance
    of the meeting." [BONC Policy No
    2014-01.1](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/NC-AGENDA-POSTING-REQUIREMENTS_2014-01.1_revised-08-18-14.pdf)

[^laccsec907]:
    Los Angeles, CA, City Charter §907

[^planart8]:
    Los Angeles, CA,
    Dept. of Neighborhood Empowerment,
    Plan for a Citywide System of Neighborhood Councils
    Art. 8
