board/officers.md, before:

---
title: Board Officers
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

The officers
of the board are board members
chosen by the board
to perform
specific duties
necessary to having
a well-functioning
neighborhood council.

The specific officers
for an NC board
are listed in article VI
of the NC bylaws.

While all
of the officers
are important,
the minimum officers essential
for conducting business are
the presiding officer,
(usually called president or chairperson),
and the secretary.[^ronressential]


Officers are chosen
by a majority vote
of the board.[^choosing]
Unlike other elections,
it is not sufficient
to receive more votes
than anyone else.
If no one receives
more than half
of the votes cast,
then no one is elected.
The board would need
to deliberate
and then vote again.

[^ronressential]:
    "The minimum essential officers
    for the conduct
    of business
    in a deliberative assembly
    are a *presiding officer*
    who conducts the meeting
    and sees that
    the rules are observed,
    and a *secretary* or *clerk*
    who makes a written record
    of what is done
    &mdash; usually called 'the minutes.'"
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 3:6

[^choosing]:
    This is specified
    by the NC Bylaws
    in article VI, section 3.
    The process is also described
    in Robert's Rules of Order §46.

Commit message:

Correct content about choosing officers
Till Stegers pointed out that in P.I.C.O NC officers are chosen by a
plurality vote.

In other NCs, officers are elected in the same way other board members
are.

board/officers.md, after:

---
title: Board Officers
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

The officers
of the board are board members
chosen to perform
specific duties
necessary to having
a well-functioning
neighborhood council.

The specific officers
for an NC board
are listed in article VI
of the NC bylaws.

While all
of the officers
are important,
the minimum officers essential
for conducting business are
the presiding officer,
(usually called president or chairperson),
and the secretary.[^ronressential]

The method
for choosing officers
is described
in article VI, section 3,
of the neighborhood council bylaws.
In most cases,
or if the bylaws
do no specify,
the officer are chosen
by majority vote
of the board.[^choosingronr]

When a majority vote is required,
it is not sufficient
to receive more votes
than anyone else.
If no one receives
more than half
of the votes cast,
then no one is elected.
The board would need
to deliberate
and then vote again.

[^ronressential]:
    "The minimum essential officers
    for the conduct
    of business
    in a deliberative assembly
    are a *presiding officer*
    who conducts the meeting
    and sees that
    the rules are observed,
    and a *secretary* or *clerk*
    who makes a written record
    of what is done
    &mdash; usually called 'the minutes.'"
    RONR (12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;ed.) 3:6

[^choosingronr]:
    The process is described
    in Robert's Rules of Order §46.
