board/post-physically.md, before:

---
title: Post the Agenda Physically
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

Not everyone
in your neighborhood
has easy access
to the web
or knows to check
your neighborhood council website.
It is important to post
your board agendas
in a public location,
so that everyone
can remain informed
about upcoming meetings.

BONC policy requires
physically posting an agenda
for all NC board meetings.[^bonc2014011]
In addition,
the NC must notify DONE
of the location
of these postings.[^postinglocation]

Find out this location
for your Neighborhood Council,
and post your agenda there
at least 72 hours
before a regular meetings
and 24 hours
before a special meeting.

[^bonc2014011]:
      "Neighborhood Councils shall
      physically post
      at least one
      Brown Act compliant agenda
      for all Board and Committee meetings."
      Los Angeles, CA,
      Board of Neighborhood Commissioners,
      [Policy No. 2014-01.1,](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/NC-AGENDA-POSTING-REQUIREMENTS_2014-01.1_revised-08-18-14.pdf)
      para. 1

[^postinglocation]:
      "Neighborhood Councils shall inform the Department
      of (a) the physical location
      of their posting site."
      Los Angeles, CA,
      Board of Neighborhood Commissioners,
      [Policy No. 2014-01.1,](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/NC-AGENDA-POSTING-REQUIREMENTS_2014-01.1_revised-08-18-14.pdf)
      para. 5

Commit message:

Create callouts for the Board guide

board/post-physically.md, after:

---
title: Post the Agenda Physically
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

Not everyone
in your neighborhood
has easy access
to the web
or knows to check
your neighborhood council website.
It is important to post
your board agendas
in a public location,
so that everyone
can remain informed
about upcoming meetings.

<aside class="callout" role="complementary" markdown="1">
NCMS makes
it is easy
to [create PDF agendas](/ncms/agenda-pdfs)
for printing and posting.
</aside>

BONC policy requires
physically posting an agenda
for all NC board meetings.[^bonc2014011]
In addition,
the NC must notify DONE
of the location
of these postings.[^postinglocation]

Find out this location
for your Neighborhood Council,
and post your agenda there
at least 72 hours
before a regular meetings
and 24 hours
before a special meeting.

[^bonc2014011]:
      "Neighborhood Councils shall
      physically post
      at least one
      Brown Act compliant agenda
      for all Board and Committee meetings."
      Los Angeles, CA,
      Board of Neighborhood Commissioners,
      [Policy No. 2014-01.1,](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/NC-AGENDA-POSTING-REQUIREMENTS_2014-01.1_revised-08-18-14.pdf)
      para. 1

[^postinglocation]:
      "Neighborhood Councils shall inform the Department
      of (a) the physical location
      of their posting site."
      Los Angeles, CA,
      Board of Neighborhood Commissioners,
      [Policy No. 2014-01.1,](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/NC-AGENDA-POSTING-REQUIREMENTS_2014-01.1_revised-08-18-14.pdf)
      para. 5
