board/post-on-the-web.md, before:

---
title: Post the Agenda on the Web
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

In the twenty-first century,
one of the best ways
to communicate
with the general public
is through a website.
If your neighborhood council
has a website,
(and it should)
you should post your committee agendas there.

BONC policy[^bonc2014011] requires
that all board agendas
are posted
on the NC website
or a page made available
at EmpowerLA.
The posting must be
"Brown Act time compliant,"
meaning 72 hours in advance
for regular meetings
and 24 hours in advance
for special meetings.

If your NC does not
have a website,
contact your Neighborhood Empowerment Advocate
at the Department of Neighborhood Empowerment
and they will
make a page available
to your NC
on the EmpowerLA website.

[^bonc2014011]:
      "Neighborhood Councils shall
      post agendas
      of all Board and Committee meetings
      on their web site or,
      on a page made available
      to them
      on the EmpowerLA web site.
      Such postings shall be
      Brown Act time compliant."
      Los Angeles, CA,
      Board of Neighborhood Commissioners,
      [Policy No. 2014-01.1](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/NC-AGENDA-POSTING-REQUIREMENTS_2014-01.1_revised-08-18-14.pdf)

Commit message:

Create callouts for the Board guide

board/post-on-the-web.md, after:

---
title: Post the Agenda on the Web
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

In the twenty-first century,
one of the best ways
to communicate
with the general public
is through a website.
If your neighborhood council
has a website,
(and it should)
you should post your committee agendas there.

<aside class="callout" role="complementary" markdown="1">
NCMS makes
it is easy
to [create PDF agendas](/ncms/agenda-pdfs)
to post
on your neighborhood council website.
</aside>

BONC policy[^bonc2014011] requires
that all board agendas
are posted
on the NC website
or a page made available
at EmpowerLA.
The posting must be
"Brown Act time compliant,"
meaning 72 hours in advance
for regular meetings
and 24 hours in advance
for special meetings.

If your NC does not
have a website,
contact your Neighborhood Empowerment Advocate
at the Department of Neighborhood Empowerment
and they will
make a page available
to your NC
on the EmpowerLA website.

[^bonc2014011]:
      "Neighborhood Councils shall
      post agendas
      of all Board and Committee meetings
      on their web site or,
      on a page made available
      to them
      on the EmpowerLA web site.
      Such postings shall be
      Brown Act time compliant."
      Los Angeles, CA,
      Board of Neighborhood Commissioners,
      [Policy No. 2014-01.1](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/NC-AGENDA-POSTING-REQUIREMENTS_2014-01.1_revised-08-18-14.pdf)
