board/preside.md, before:

---
title: Preside Over the Meeting
permalink: /:path/:basename
---
Preside is,
for the most part,
a fancy word
for facilitate.

The person presiding
over the meeting
leads the meeting
and makes sure
that the board
efficiently tackles
all the items
on the agenda,
hears from everyone
who wants
to participate,
and guides the committee
to make decisions.

Parliamentary procedure,
such as codified
by *Robert's Rules of Order*,
provides the framework
for leading these meetings[^parliamentaryauthority]
and the presiding officer
should have
a solid, working, understanding
of it.
But of course,
"no rules can
take the place
of tact and common sense."[^tactandcommonsense]

[^parliamentaryauthority]:
    Article XII of the NC bylaws
    specifies the parliamentary authority
    for the NC,
    usually *Roberts Rules of Order*.

[^tactandcommonsense]:
    RONR (11<sup>th</sup> ed.), p. 449, II. 13-14

Presiding over the meeting
is the duty
of the president or chairperson
but they can
delegate it
as the see fit
or whenever necessary.

Occassionally
the president/chairperson is unavailable.
This can happen if
the office is vacant,
if the president/chairperson is absent,
or if they have recused themselves.
When this happens,
most NC bylaws
specify that the vice-president/vice-chairperson
takes their place
as the presiding officer.[^bylawsart6sec2]

[^bylawsart6sec2]:
    See the NC bylaws, article VI, section 2
    where the duties
    of the board officers
    including the vice-president or vice-chairperson
    are enumerated.

If the president and vice-president
(or chairperson and vice-chairperson)
are both unavailable,
the board must elect
someone to be
the presiding officer
until the return
or replacement
of the president or vice-president.[^ronrchairprotem]

[^ronrchairprotem]:
    RONR (11<sup>th</sup> ed.), p. 453, II. 3-7

Commit message:

Editing pass on board and committee guides

board/preside.md, after:

---
title: Preside Over the Meeting
permalink: /:path/:basename
---
Preside is,
for the most part,
a fancy word
for facilitate.

The person presiding
over the meeting
leads the meeting
and makes sure
that the board
efficiently tackles
all the items
on the agenda,
hears from everyone
who wants
to participate,
and guides the board
in making decisions.

Parliamentary procedure,
such as codified
by *Robert's Rules of Order*,
provides the framework
for leading these meetings[^parliamentaryauthority]
and the presiding officer
should have
a solid, working, understanding
of it.
But of course,
"no rules can
take the place
of tact and common sense."[^tactandcommonsense]

[^parliamentaryauthority]:
    Article XII of the NC bylaws
    specifies the parliamentary authority
    for the NC,
    usually *Roberts Rules of Order*.

[^tactandcommonsense]:
    RONR (11<sup>th</sup> ed.), p. 449, II. 13-14

Presiding over the meeting
is the duty
of the president or chairperson
but they can
delegate it
as the see fit
or whenever necessary.

Occassionally
the president/chairperson is unavailable.
This can happen if
the office is vacant,
if the president/chairperson is absent,
or if they have recused themselves.
When this happens,
most neighborhood council bylaws
specify that the vice-president/vice-chairperson
takes their place
as the presiding officer.[^bylawsart6sec2]

[^bylawsart6sec2]:
    See the NC bylaws, article VI, section 2
    where the duties
    of the board officers
    including the vice-president or vice-chairperson
    are enumerated.

If the president and vice-president
(or chairperson and vice-chairperson)
are both unavailable,
the board must elect
someone to be
the presiding officer
until the return
or replacement
of the president or vice-president.[^ronrchairprotem]

[^ronrchairprotem]:
    RONR (11<sup>th</sup> ed.), p. 453, II. 3-7
