board/publish-approved-minutes.md, before:

---
title: Publish Approved Minutes
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

One of the most important things
that an neighborhood council board does
at a meeting
is approve the minutes
of the previous meeting.
Approving the minutes shows
that the board agrees
that the minutes are
a correct record
of what transpired
at the earlier meeting.

Once the minutes
are approved
they should be updated
to show that
they were approved
and the date
they were approved on.
The updated minutes
should be published
on the neighborhood council website
and wherever else
your neighborhood council records are kept.
Board of Neighborhood Commissioners policy
requires this be done
within thirty days.[^bonc201601]

[^bonc201601]:
    "Approved _written_ minutes
    of all board meetings
    shall be posted
    on the Neighborhood Council's website ...
    within 30 days
    of the regular or special meeting
    at which
    they are approved."
    Los Angeles, CA, Board of Neighborhood Commissioners, [Policy No. 2016-01](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Amended-Minutes-Policy-Resolution1-03.18.19.pdf)

Commit message:

Create callouts for the Board guide

board/publish-approved-minutes.md, after:

---
title: Publish Approved Minutes
permalink: /:path/:basename
---

One of the most important things
that an neighborhood council board does
at a meeting
is approve the minutes
of the previous meeting.
Approving the minutes shows
that the board agrees
that the minutes are
a correct record
of what transpired
at the earlier meeting.

<aside class="callout" role="complementary" markdown="1">
NCMS makes
it is easy
to [create approved minutes.](/ncms/approved-minutes)
</aside>

Once the minutes
are approved
they should be updated
to show that
they were approved
and the date
they were approved on.
The updated minutes
should be published
on the neighborhood council website
and wherever else
your neighborhood council records are kept.
Board of Neighborhood Commissioners policy
requires this be done
within thirty days.[^bonc201601]

[^bonc201601]:
    "Approved _written_ minutes
    of all board meetings
    shall be posted
    on the Neighborhood Council's website ...
    within 30 days
    of the regular or special meeting
    at which
    they are approved."
    Los Angeles, CA, Board of Neighborhood Commissioners, [Policy No. 2016-01](https://empowerla.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Amended-Minutes-Policy-Resolution1-03.18.19.pdf)
